What we do boss day is when
the surf guides on the carioca coast only know
I was alone the story was in the
youtube
welcome to the oak canal looks good
I told the horse not to care
confuse letters
today we will teach you how
get three brand news a game
champions very simply just can
It comes in the palace and you nothing to install
but before installation you should
have recently connected not to
lose the works already completed
neymar alone the dose now we'll be
there again the game
the third step a game already installed
Let's open the game and then, without connecting, it 's
important without you connecting you will
start my fans of the game and when
get to level 7
You will win three more marcelinho.
so let's show it now it goes well
we reach level 6
Let's play the most impressive is that
bet on siv you will win your
three martinez
well concluded you're going to the next
book 7
In this same you as a gift will win.
the 3 christmas ready
It looks active teledoce them because as it is
How much did you just get three?
hammers
How is everything ok now I'm done?
all of which have been registered and already
exceeded the levels and ready the boy
75 had marcelinho beat us and it appears
three marcelinho leave
I've added a lot of Christmas
thank you to forget the sign sign the
channel of a river bridge with the